Crystal Gatwood: Hear me
Natalie Austin: Hi. Yes. Can you hear me.
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah, my headphones working very well.
Natalie Austin: As her mine up here and we'll have more there. Can you hear me now.
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah, I can hear you. It's just my headphones in order
Crystal Gatwood: But I'm in a private conference room so
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Well welcome on to bright heart.
Crystal Gatwood: Thank you.
Natalie Austin: Now you did you transfer from another facility or you brand new to treatment.
Crystal Gatwood: A transfer. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay, so what what does the medicine where you on or are you on
Crystal Gatwood: I was on the eight milligram tablets today.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Suboxone
Crystal Gatwood: Oh yes, I'm sorry. Yes.
Natalie Austin: Yes. Okay, good.
Natalie Austin: Let's work. Let's work okay for you then.
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah, how about having a few days so
Crystal Gatwood: Let me get rough, but I've known him for a while.
Natalie Austin: How many years.
Crystal Gatwood: I would say at least I know it's been a year.
Natalie Austin: Okay. Have you been clean for a year.
Crystal Gatwood: No, I had some trouble.
Natalie Austin: Okay, what was it with opiates.
Crystal Gatwood: Or well opiates and then
Crystal Gatwood: I had a slip up because I couldn't find
Crystal Gatwood: Opiates or what I wanted. But I didn't want to do heroin.
Natalie Austin: And I was
Watching
Crystal Gatwood: So, and I like I hate to even say that word. It makes me cringe like it's just
Crystal Gatwood: You know,
Natalie Austin: Last in your past that's in your past. Don't worry about it. Don't judge yourself. Don't be too hard on yourself.
Natalie Austin: Okay, seriously. Yeah, you know you're here to get treatment I not have to ask those hard questions. I apologize. It's hard for me to even ask them, but
Natalie Austin: I have to just for my documentation.
I'm sorry.
Natalie Austin: But we're on the road to recovery. Right.
Natalie Austin: Right, right. Good.
Natalie Austin: Okay, let's go over your past medical history do you have high blood pressure, diabetes, thyroid disease, depression, anxiety, any other
Crystal Gatwood: I'm currently diagnosed with PTSD whitey depression. Well, like bipolar more depressive
Crystal Gatwood: That makes sense. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: I think it's bipolar two to
Crystal Gatwood: One. Right. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: I, for one, I think it's more depression, bipolar two is more anxiety or mania.
Natalie Austin: I think
Crystal Gatwood: I don't know, but I heard my doctor say bye. Hello, or two.
Crystal Gatwood: Okay. So by putting work it out. One must be the mania, then yeah.
Natalie Austin: Bipolar to
Natalie Austin: High blood pressure, diabetes, anything else just bipolar, too.
Crystal Gatwood: And yeah, the PTSD and anxiety. Yep.
Natalie Austin: There's three. Okay gotcha any surgeries past surgical history.
Natalie Austin: Know these sections appendix gallbladder thyroid or tonsils.
Crystal Gatwood: When I was five.
Natalie Austin: I still counts. No.
Oh,
Natalie Austin: Get a tonsillectomy age five, then
Natalie Austin: Yeah, that was your only surgery. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, okay.
Natalie Austin: Um, social history. Are your parents still alive. Yes. Let's say I'm sorry family history, both parents are still alive and well.
Natalie Austin: Um, any brothers or sisters
Crystal Gatwood: Yes, I have.
Crystal Gatwood: A brother a full brother or sister, and then I also have a half brother and a half sister.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Um, are you married single
Crystal Gatwood: And a long term relationship.
Natalie Austin: lead nurturing whatever is under Social history that never married, but in a long term relationship. Okay. Do you have kids. Yeah. How many
Crystal Gatwood: I have to
Natalie Austin: Okay, two kids. How old are they
Crystal Gatwood: And five. Okay.
Natalie Austin: And they're healthy.
Natalie Austin: Yes, perfect. Okay. Are you employed or unemployed seeking employment.
Natalie Austin: They know I'm
Crystal Gatwood: Literally just like lost my job leg, not even a week ago, so I'm
Natalie Austin: Searching a job seeking. Okay, what do you do
Crystal Gatwood: Like what did I do, as for work.
Crystal Gatwood: Works at the local my local subway here and like it was walking distance because like August I lost my vehicle like my only vehicle.
Crystal Gatwood: And then it was a domino effect.
Crystal Gatwood: Of, like, well, I lost my car. So then I can't make it the worst time with my job and then I don't have any income coming in. So I was late on the rent, you know, and it was just, it's like I'm still trying to come up, Matt.
Natalie Austin: I'm sorry.
Natalie Austin: I see a lot all at once.
Natalie Austin: But you're being strong right have you, relapse through this trauma traumatizing event that's happening or
Crystal Gatwood: When I did the last year.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, okay.
Crystal Gatwood: Everything around me like losing my stability. It is. It was hard.
Natalie Austin: Um, we'll get you back on track, though. Thank you for coming today to seek help. That's good.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: What other questions do I have here.
Natalie Austin: Okay review or allergies. You have any allergies.
Crystal Gatwood: And all that I know.
Natalie Austin: Any medications, besides the Suboxone eight milligrams twice a day. Any other
Natalie Austin: bells are
Crystal Gatwood: Some is for
My gosh.
Crystal Gatwood: Which are pristiq
Crystal Gatwood: Abilify do you need to know the milligrams and stuff.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: If you have them or you could even let me know next time.
Crystal Gatwood: I mean, I did put in their chart.
Natalie Austin: You know them.
Crystal Gatwood: My pristiq is 100 milligram my Abilify I just got bumped up to 20 and leave. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Are they both daily or twice a day.
Crystal Gatwood: Just once daily. Yeah, I think one in the morning and then one night, okay i'm i'm 1.25 milligram of Xanax twice a day.
Natalie Austin: Okay, gotcha.
Crystal Gatwood: Like the lowest, lowest, you can go
Natalie Austin: Right. Right. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Review of systems that he Nadia, you probably having some withdrawal symptoms, aren't you
Natalie Austin: Yeah, nausea, vomiting, chills,
Crystal Gatwood: Nausea chills like restless legs is what I hate
Yeah. Oh.
Natalie Austin: And then physical exam. How tall are you,
Natalie Austin: About 5253 okay and wait
Crystal Gatwood: To 20
Natalie Austin: Okay, and then at AMP T Perla know acute distress, lungs, not only the respiration out of a non standard extremities know swelling.
Natalie Austin: Like alert and oriented times three pleasant cooperative musculoskeletal five out of five.
Natalie Austin: Cardiac regular rate and rhythm.
Natalie Austin: Okay assessment and plan one opioid use disorder will continue.
Natalie Austin: Suboxone tablets eight milligrams twice a day.
Natalie Austin: And then to continue other medications per psychiatrists and family doctors are correct.
Natalie Austin: Three will do the counseling going to set up counseling for you.
Natalie Austin: Any other questions for me.
Crystal Gatwood: No, I don't believe so.
Natalie Austin: Okay, the way you give us your pharmacy, is that correct
Crystal Gatwood: Yes, ma'am. I believe I did it should be north side and Somerset, Ohio. Okay, perfect.
Natalie Austin: We'll call it in the south by this afternoon. Hopefully sooner than that. Okay, so I know you're in withdrawal.
Natalie Austin: Will do it as soon as we can. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Okay, and then we'll get your counseling setup. Did you have it set up yet.
Crystal Gatwood: No, I wasn't sure how to do that.
Natalie Austin: I'm will reach back out whenever you made this appointment.
Natalie Austin: Back out that way and then we'll get it set up again.
Crystal Gatwood: Okay.
Natalie Austin: This coke can only make your follow up appointment for today, you can kind of do
Crystal Gatwood: That appointment with you here.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, we're going to counseling with me.
Natalie Austin: Okay, okay.
Natalie Austin: And good luck with your job hunt.
Crystal Gatwood: Thank you.
Natalie Austin: You know, all these pays really well. They pay like 1250 an hour.
Crystal Gatwood: What all these
Natalie Austin: All these in sheets. They both take paid 1250 yeah so
Natalie Austin: Yeah, try to find what either one of those around you. Yeah, they pay really well. It's way above the norm.
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah.
Crystal Gatwood: Cuz that's impossible live on minimum wage like
Natalie Austin: I know you can't live it is
Natalie Austin: Yeah, I think that those companies realize it to, you know, so it's wonderful how they they've increased their rate.
Crystal Gatwood: Of people play
Natalie Austin: Absolutely.
Natalie Austin: Okay, well, we'll see you probably next week, then
Natalie Austin: Yes. Okay. Sounds good, enjoy your day. Okay.
Crystal Gatwood: All right. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Bye bye.